
# Creative Incubation 2018-08-25

This is entire entry is going to cover PAX-Dev and PAX which will last
around a week and a half.

## Game Idea

Today while listening to podcasts a game idea came into my head. The
background for this is two weeks of playing
[Lowlands](https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/242804/lowlands). The
key mechanic of the game is the dike building vs. the sheep
building. If players contribute to the dike then the dike holds, sheep
are worth more, and dike contributing is worth less. If players
produce sheep then the dike fails and sheep are worth less and dike
contributions are worth more. It's more subtle than this but this
mechanic ands some interesting interaction to an otherwise
multiple-player solitaire game without adding excessive politics.

One podcast I listend to was a [freakonomics
podcast](http://freakonomics.com/podcast/save-the-planet/) that
described the two sides of the ecology debate as prophets (doom is
coming and we must stop doing things) and wizards (we must build all
kinds of things to bring improvents and fix the problems cause by the
things we build).

A second podcast talked about how there are different kinds of leaders
but there are also followers and there must always be followers to get
something accomplished.

The game idea is that there is a community where you can choose the
role of wizard, prophet or follower. Wizards and Prophets are
generally opposed. Followers must choose a Wizard or Prophet to
follow. Somehow the actions affect a communal games state, improve
future actions, and allow for VP. This is all I have so far.

## PAX Dev Tuesday 8/28

## PAX Dev Wednesday 8/29

<!-- [Here's the final picture.](table1.jpg) -->
